PayFabric APIs - Version 3.1
==============
PayFabric APIs are organized around Representational State Transfer (**REST**) architecture and are designed to have predictable, resource-oriented URLs and use HTTP response codes to indicate API errors. Below are the API endpoints:

1. Live Server:    ``https://www.payfabric.com/payment/3.1/api``
1. Sandbox Server: ``https://sandbox.payfabric.com/payment/3.1/api``

Where do I start?
-----------------

Want to get started with PayFabric API integration? Here's a quick check list:

1. Register and then configure a PayFabric account, check out the [Guide](https://github.com/PayFabric/Portal/blob/master/PayFabric/Sections/Configure%20Portal.md) to learn how.
2. Read up on how to [authenticate](#authentication) with our APIs. 
3. Read up on how to [handle errors](#handling-exceptions) with our APIs.
4. Browse the [API docs](#api-documentation) for the API you need to work with.
5. Have a question or need help? Contact <support@payfabric.com>.


Authentication
--------------
PayFabric clients require PayFabric *Device ID* and *Password*  to authenticate with APIs.

We have a [detailed guide](Sections/Authentication.md) for authenticating your users with our APIs.

API Documentation
-----------------
PayFabric sends and receives payloads as structured [JSON Objects](Sections/3.1JSONObjects.md). 
Many of these objects are used in both requests and responses. Some of the objects (like Address or Cardholder) are embedded
as child elements of other objects.

### Email Transaction Receipt
* [Send a transaction receipt](/PayFabric/Sections/EmailReceipt.md#send-a-transaction-receipt)

### Email Transaction Receipt Template
* [Get Email Receipt Templates](/PayFabric/Sections/EmailReceipt.md#get-email-receipt-templates)
* [Update Email Receipt Template](/PayFabric/Sections/EmailReceipt.md#update-email-receipt-template)

### Batched Transactions
* [Get current batches]()
* [Process batch]()
* [Delete batch]()
* [Search by batch number]()

### Scheduled Transactions
* [Search for future dated transactions]()

### Custom Reports
* [Get Custom Reports]()
* [Create Custom Report]()
* [Edit Custom Report]()
* [Delete Custom Report]()
* [Manaual Execute Custom Report]()

### Shipping Addresses
* [Create shipping address](PayFabric/Sections/ShippingAddress.md#create-a-shipping-address)
* [Delete shipping address](PayFabric/Sections/ShippingAddress.md#delete-shipping-address)

### Payment Terminal
* [Get Registered Terminals]()
* [Create new Registered Terminal]()
* [Update Registered Terminal]()
* [Remove Registered Terminal]()
* [Get Terminal Settings]()
* [Update Terminal Settings]()

### Products
* [Get Products](/PayFabric/Sections/Product.md#get-products)
* [Create Product](/PayFabric/Sections/Product.md#create-product)
* [Edit Product](/PayFabric/Sections/Product.md#update-product)
* [Delete Product](/PayFabric/Sections/Product.md#delete-product)
* [Upload Products](/PayFabric/Sections/Product.md#upload-products)

### Theme
* [Get Themes](/PayFabric/Sections/Theme.md#get-themes)
* [Create Theme](/PayFabric/Sections/Theme.md#create-theme)
* [Update Theme](/PayFabric/Sections/Theme.md#update-theme)
* [Delete Theme](/PayFabric/Sections/Theme.md#delete-theme) 


